capital = 387
primary_culture = flemish
culture = dutch
religion = catholic
government = prussian_constitutionalism
plurality = 0.05
nationalvalue = nv_productivity
literacy = 0.28
civilized = yes

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = landed_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = free_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = jefferson_method
political_parties = non_secret_ballots

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = fourteen_hours
safety_regulations = trinket_safety
health_care = trinket_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions
school_reforms = no_schools

#New Reforms
conscription = two_year_draft
debt_law = debtors_prisons
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = culture_voting_only
border_policy = open_borders

set_country_flag = catholic_country

ruling_party = FLA_conservative
upper_house = {
    fascist = 0
    liberal = 18
    conservative = 65
    reactionary = 17
    anarcho_liberal = 0
    socialist = 0
    communist = 0
}
